Create docs/nightly.md (#1204)
Schniz/fnm: docs/nightly.md

# Working with Node nightly builds

fnm doesn't give you any shorthands to install nightly builds, but you can

> do that by simply proviging `--node-dist-mirror` flag. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
do that by manually passing a "dist mirror" with the `--node-dist-mirror` flag. 
```
